the emperor has decreed a quarantine
stop and prepare to be detained it is
not too late don't wind yourself with
anger social feelings for the truth
Juno you have much to learn
I'm going to enjoy this
please don't
well done by Yas apprentice you are
ready to face a true Jedi now that
master Shakti one of the last of the
Jedi Council in me the full power of the
dark side to defeat her yes my master
I hate me I think he does too
Felucia room range readings life signs
are overwhelming the scanners the planet
must be completely overgrown it is but
something else is bothering you how you
can't hide your feelings from me no
matter how deeply you bury them Felucia
it reminds me of Kalos that's right you
were at the Battle of Calais I led the
Imperial forces at the Battle of Calais
Calais was like this overgrown teeming
with life and we raised the planet it's
a dead world now
I I read the reports you did the right
thing you followed your orders till the
end yes do you know where to go head
toward the equator assassins Darth Vader
has found us
who knows Maris
gather your belongings and go into
hiding just as we practiced do not
return until I summon you but master
this is what I've been waiting for let
me fight No
I will lead this assassin to the ancient
of this alone you are not ready to face
assist you would surely be killed
Maris we are among the last of the Jedi
while we live the order survives I
cannot allow you to be captured or
killed by the Empire and now please go
with a graveyard and wait for my summons
no she hasn't been corrupted not yet
she's just afraid
may the force be with you use proof
[Music]
you knew I was coming now server you
know what happens next
I know the Emperor will be defeated I
know peace will be restored no it is the
Jedi who stand in the way of peace
evaders assassin welcome to the ancient
abyss a place of sacrifice since time
immemorial
[Music]
are you prepared to leave your fit
you invade ourselves but your power is
wasted with him you could be so much
more you will never convince me to
betray my master oh boy the syph always
betray one another
[Music]
my mission is complete then you are
ready to stand with me against the
Emperor returned my ship at once we will
at last control the galaxy it seems that
you are about to achieve your primary
programming master yes finally
you
[Music]